
Automatic Translations

Internationalization has been a big part of our goals for this year, and we want to get closer to that objective by allowing users to see the video transcripts in their native language.

We already support transcript in English for all our Original classes, we are looking to implement a solution that would allow users to auto-translate these transcripts into the language of their choosing.

Take this TED class as an example: https://www.ted.com/talks/risa_wechsler_the_search_for_dark_matter_and_what_we_ve_found_so_far/transcript#t-27649

As you can see, in addition to subtitles, TED allows users to pick a language for the transcripts. You can also click on a certain portion of the transcripts and the video player will jump into the specific part of the video that plays the text you clicked on.

In addition, Transcripts and Subtitles don’t replace each other, they serve as complements. For the scope of this task, we are focusing solely on the transcripts, but if time allows, we’d like to evaluate solutions for multilingual subtitles as well.

One possible option on where we’d like to see the translated transcripts is in the class menu, it can be a menu item that comes after “Projects & Resources”, which would show an option to pick a language for the transcripts. But, being this more of a backend than frontend task, location is not as important as the implementation details.

Our transcripts are generated by Verbit, you would need to be able to get the original transcription files from them by connecting to the API, and then you’ll be able to do the processing for auto-translation.
Our desired languages & technologies for this project:

    GraphQL
    Typescript
    AWS, specially AWS Translate for the auto-translation capabilities: https://aws.amazon.com/translate/

About the mentors

Aaron Taylor -- Senior iOS Engineer at Skillshare

Aaron is a multi-facetic Software Engineer, his speciality is iOS Backend Development, though he’s also worked as a web developer in the past.

He’s currently working on and co-leading the Mobile team at Skillshare; responsible for the planning and development of the iOS app, while also providing his expertise in the area to support the Android development efforts.


- Skillshare, iOS Software Engineer

- Fitbit, Software Engineer (Advanced Communications)

- Fitbit, iOS Software Engineer (Fitstar)

- Didja, Software Engineer (Clippit)

- IBM, Consultant (Global Services)

Donato Perconti -- Staff Software Engineer at Skillshare.

Donato works on the Memberships team at Skillshare, responsible for all the integrations with payment systems we currently have. His expertise plays a key role in the team, and in Engineering.

He’s more comfortable as a Backend developer, and will bring all the value he can to you as a mentee.

Stipend

Skillshare will pay each student a stipend of USD $1k. We expect this serves as an extra layer of motivation to work on our exciting projects and challenges.
