
Abrir:
	slides.google.com
		abrir presentación
		abrir MVP				--> Alinear vertical
		abrir API test			--> probar

Presentación:
	Dejar presentación al inicio
	probar pantalla completa, cerrar

Zoom
	abrir zoom

TURNO
	COLOCAR CÁMARA	Y SONIDO
	Thank you everyone...

Slide 1:

	Now, we are going to present to you the project AUTOMATIC TRANSLATION.

Slide 2:	TEAM

	This is our team...

	Carlos was in charge of the frontend and design
	Ivan was in charge of frontend and testing
	And myself, Leonardo in the backend

	A lite about me...
	I'm a software developer with experience as a project manager
	STEM professor, i have a master degree in maths

	With a main interest in high-level language applications with a
	focus on future development in data science and machine learning

	In this project I focused on the algorithm to translate transcriptions,
	storage and recovery of this translations.


Slide 3:

	Here we have the Main objectives for this project. 

	Skillshare needs to go beyond English spoken users
	but most of the videos and transcriptions are in English

	To extend its target
	yuo need online translations for video transcriptions
	
	and this process needs to be automatic 
	without affecting user experience.

	what we did was to bring an automatic service
	to translate the transcriptions of a video the user is viewing.


Slide 4:

	Our solution brings what you need right now.
	You will see how a video is shown with a transcription in English,
	then the user can select a different language
	and easily can follow the lesson by reading translated transcription online.

	The architecture for this PROJECT uses AWS services including
		A.P.I. Gateway
		Lambda function using Python
		S3 objects for storage
		Translate service
		AND
		Comprehend service to determine the source language

	Only the first time a user selects a language for a specific video,
		translation occurs and it is stored for future users.

	This way the resources used are minimum	and the process is automatic,
	without the need of somebody who runs a translation process
	each time a new video arrives.


Slide 5:	lambda
	
	The lambda function created have several features:
		first, detects the video language by using comprehend service on transcription
			and checks if the translation requested is already stored
			if it is, lambda send a JSON response with the translation.

		and if not,
		calls a translate_text method with
			transcription text,
			source language,
			and target language   as parameters.

		After this process,
			the translation in JSON format is stored in a S3 object for futures requests


						Slide 6:	API

							The A.P.I was an A.P.I Rest,
							we used a get method to make the request
							and then the A.P.I calls for the lambda function
3102098311

Slide 8: 	PROJECT

	Our project was scrum-based...
	We had weekly sprints
	A daily scrum at eleven a.m. with Skillshare representative.
	and Sprint reviews on Fridays

	
	In addition we had Mandatory rules for the team
			Daily meeting with Skillshare
			Two internal daily meetings:
				one to share individual research
				and another to do pair programming
		Also it was mandatory that a team approval for each new code was mandatory also.

	Our timeline was of six weeks


Slide 9:	CHALLENGE

	Our main challenge was achitecture definition
	
	This was because we had several options, and to select the optimal one we had to investigate technical detail about how Skillshare is working right now.

	

Slide 10: 	LESSONS

	There was a lot of learning lessons for the team,
	
	However we want to say for sure than now we feel
	we are capable to learn what we need.


Slide 11:	PAGES

	Finnaly, I want to show you our landing page for the project.

	OPEN LANDING PAGE

	Here you will find 


Slide 12
	Thanks to ...





















