
Revisar pdf enviado por Silvia en slack

Terminar guión

TOMAR REFRIGERIO
CAMISA, AFEITARME
TOMAR VITAMINAS
TOMAR GOTAS

Hacer pruebas con ZCLI
	grabar video
	Enviar mensaje por slack a Donato con la hora

Corregir guión
imprimir guión


Cortinas, luz ideal
Ir al baño
Tomar miel
Tener vaso de agua (lejos)
Tener papel higiénico
Silencio, espacio, internet
NO colocar dos pantallas
Conectar portátil
Celular en silencio absoluto, sin alarmas
Tener guión impreso, tres copias.

Cerrar todo

Abrir:
	slides.google.com
		abrir presentación lite
		abrir landing page		-->probar, dejar arriba
		abrir MVP				--> Alinear vertical
		abrir API test			--> probar

Presentación:
	Desplazar toda, probar pantalla completa.
	Video
		Ejecutar, Seleccionar 720p, mutear, reiniciar
		Subir volumen del video,
		Subir volumen del pc y probar
		
	Dejar presentación al inicio
	probar pantalla completa, cerrar

Enviar ping a Donato

Zoom
	abrir zoom
	probar con link local y ZCLI la presentación y el sonido.
	abrir zoom oficial

TURNO
	COLOCAR CÁMARA	
	Cuando me den el turno, dar las gracias:

Slide 1:

	Now, we are going to present to you the project AUTOMATIC TRANSLATION made for Skillshare.

	Skillshare is an American online learning community
	to learn from educational videos.
	The courses focus on learning by completing projects,
	And they have a special need, to expand their target market.

Slide 2:

	Skillshare needs to go beyond English spoken users
	but videos and transcriptions are in English

	they want to extend its target
	they need online translations for their video transcriptions
	
	and this process needs to be automatic 
	without affecting user experience.

	what we did was to bring an automatic service
	to translate the transcriptions of a video the user is viewing.


Slide 3:

	VIDEO RUNS AUTOMATICALLY

	Our solution brings what they need right now.
	In this MVP you can see how a video is shown with a transcription in English, then the user can select his or her native language and easily can follow the lesson by reading translated transcription online.

	The first time a user selects a language for a specific video, translation occurs and is stored for future users.

	This way the resources used are minimum and the process is automatic, without the need of somebody who runs a translation process each time a new video arrives.


Slide 4:	TEAM

	This is our team... Zombieland CLI
	Carlos in frontend and design
	Ivan in frontend and testing
	And myself, Leonardo in the backend


Slide 5:	ARCHITECTURE

	The architecture for this PROJECT uses AWS services including
		A.P.I. Gateway
		Lambda function using Python
		S3 objects
		Translate
		AND
		Comprehend to determine the source language


Slide 6:	API

	The A.P.I was an A.P.I Rest,
	we used a get method to make the request
	and then the A.P.I calls for the lambda function

Slide 7:	lambda
	
	The lambda function we created
		detects the video language
		to see if the translation requested is already stored
		and if not,
		calls a translate_text method with
			transcription text,
			source language,
			and target language parameters.	


Slide 8: 	PROJECT

	Our project was scrum-based...
	We had weekly sprints
	A daily scrum at eleven a.m. with Skillshare representative.
	and Sprint reviews on Fridays

	
	In addition we had Mandatory rules for the team
			Daily meeting with the Client
			Two internal daily meetings:
				To share individual research
				and to do pair programming
		and a team approval for each new code was mandatory also.

	Our timeline was of six weeks


Slide 9:	CHALLENGE

	Our main challenge was achitecture definition
	
	This was because we had several options, and to select the optimal one we had to investigate technical detail about how Skillshare is working right now.

	

Slide 10: 	LESSONS

	There was a lot of learning lessons for the team,
	
	However we want to say for sure than now we feel
	we are capable to learn what we need.


Slide 11:	PAGES

	Finnaly, I want to show you our landing page for the project.

	OPEN LANDING PAGE

	Here you will find 


Slide 12
	Thanks to ...





















